fix `low_class_penalty`, add `low_class_factor` to truck cost (#6143)
valhalla/valhalla: docs/docs/api/turn-by-turn/api-reference.md

| `axle_count` | The axle count of the truck. Default 5. |
| `hazmat` | A value indicating if the truck is carrying hazardous materials. Default false. |
| `hgv_no_access_penalty` | A penalty applied to roads with no HGV/truck access. If set to a value less than 43200 seconds, HGV will be allowed on these roads and the penalty applies. Default 43200, i.e. trucks are not allowed. |

> | `low_class_penalty` | A penalty (in seconds) which is applied when transitioning to residential or service roads. Default is 30 seconds. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `low_class_penalty` | A penalty (in seconds) which is applied when transitioning down onto residential or service roads. Default is 30 seconds. |
```

Reviewer: should we say "<= residential". not sure hgv has _never_ access to "other" (i.e. not service)

Author: changed it to `down onto`, but I would prefer not to use math symbols in the written description :D

Reviewer: well, there's legitimately roads which are not `service` but still drivable, even by hgv. it's a nit. just giving the reason behind my comment. no need for "math symbols", can do it differently. again, feel free to ignore
